Clean Tuner — native SwiftUI app, iOS 17+

Open TheTuner.xcodeproj in Xcode and run the TheTuner scheme.
No package dependencies, server, API keys, or account are required.
For a physical iPhone, choose your signing team in Signing & Capabilities.
The simulator build is at build/Build/Products/Debug-iphonesimulator/TheTuner.app.

The approved white / orange geometric-instrument design is implemented in SwiftUI
and Canvas. Generated concept PNGs are references only, not stretched UI assets.

Modes: Chromatic plus Guitar, Ukulele, Bass, Violin, Viola, Cello, Banjo, Mandolin.
52 built-in presets, including 4/5/6-string bass and 7/8-string guitar.
Tap the instrument or tuning selector to open the styled selection panel.
The tuning panel includes Custom tuning; create a named 4–8-string/course preset
with pitch-class and octave controls. Saved presets persist per instrument.
Select a custom preset, then use Edit tuning to rename, change notes/string count,
or delete it. Mandolin targets are paired courses; tune each string separately.

Microphone starts automatically after permission. Tap a string to lock its target;
tap again or AUTO to release. Chromatic supports holding the current target.
The footer light indicates listening; microphone controls are in Settings.
Tap the A4 footer to calibrate 420–460 Hz. Equal temperament.
Green success requires ±3 cents held for 250 ms; it exits beyond ±5 cents to
avoid flicker. Success emits one visual pulse and haptic, not continuous buzzing.
Cents are hidden by default; Settings > Show cents enables a small integer readout.
A credible weak tail continues tracking. After loss, the last result is dimmed
and labelled Last reading for up to three seconds, then cleared; a new note
replaces it immediately. The visual marker is smoothed without changing the
measured pitch or the success qualification.
Within a note band, orange gradually becomes gold and the glow tightens as
pitch approaches the center. Only settled success is green. Increase Contrast
adds a dark marker edge; success text uses a darker green for readability.
Reference tones and microphone pause/resume are available in Settings.
Stopping a reference tone restores the prior microphone state.

Verification:
  Scripts/verify.sh
  TUNER_SIMULATOR_ID=<device UUID> Scripts/verify.sh
The microphone lifecycle UI test needs microphone permission on its simulator.
The other tests use explicit Debug-only fixtures, never artificial Release readings.

Debug-only launch arguments for repeatable screenshots/tests:
  --reset --preview             Guitar A2, -8 cents; footer says PREVIEW
  --reset --preview --ukulele   Ukulele C4 in tune
  --reset --preview --chromatic Chromatic A4, -8 cents
  --silent                     Silent UI fixture
  --denied                     Microphone-denied UI fixture
  --signal-test                Real PCM analysis fixture followed by silence
  --feedback-test              Strong/weak tail, held reading, next note, silence
  --preview --cents -12         Explicit proximity/color screenshot fixture
  --reset                      Clears preferences AND custom tunings (Debug only)

Limitations:
Synthetic accuracy is not a guarantee of microphone accuracy. Validate with real
instruments and phones before making professional accuracy claims. Monophonic
25–1500 Hz; polyphonic/chord analysis, stretched piano tuning, transposition and
custom temperaments are outside this version. No TonalEnergy parity claim.

The earlier simulator CoreAudio startup failure did not reproduce in the October 3
recheck: actual microphone start, pause/resume, and background return passed.
This is not a physical microphone accuracy or TonalEnergy parity measurement.
See Verification/RESULTS.txt for test scope and historical failures.

See Verification/FEATURE-AUDIT.txt for the feature-by-feature audit, research,
test evidence, fixes, and outstanding physical-device validation.
